## Advanced Mapping
You will be implementing a more general non-probabilistic mapping model, with localization being emulated by incrementing our position based on velocity readings. In particular, our car must use data from the ultrasonic sensor and potentially the camera to detect obstacles around it as well as their distances. To do this, you can create a numpy array map data structure in your python code, where you store the data as a numpy array of 0’s and 1’s, where a 1 represents there is an obstacle within a certain threshold distance, and a 0 indicates there is not, and the array index indicates the angle (from the car's perspective).


One way to perform the mapping is to scan the surroundings by reading distances from the ultrasonic sensor every few degrees, and interpolating distances in between those points as well to generate a rough map of the surroundings. For example, if you find the distance to the nearest object at 60 degrees on the servo to be 20 cm and the distance at 55 degrees to be 20 cm as well, you can consider those as two points on a coordinate grid, calculate the slope between them, and fill in all points between them that lie on that line as being “objects” in your internal map. In our internal map, we can set positions that are open (no object) as 0, and positions that contain objects as 1. Imagine a 100x100 numpy array where each element represents a 1x1 cm grid. If your car is at (0,0) and you find the distance reading on the ultrasonic sensor at 0 degrees shows 10 cm, we would mark (10, 0) as a 1, since that is where we find our first object. Variants of SLAM (Simultaneous localization and mapping) algorithms can also be used for this step.